Dear Student,

I'm happy to announce that you've managed to get **12** out of 12 points for this assignment.

There still exist some issues that should be addressed before the deadline: **2023-03-25 23:50:00 CET (+0100)**. For further details, please refer to the following list:

<details><summary>Cppcheck znalazł potencjalne błędy (to narzędzie może się pomylić)</summary>/tmp/tmpmcbe_56u/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:36:5: warning: Variable 'fractionName_' is assigned in constructor body. Consider performing initialization in initialization list. [useInitializationList]<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;fractionName_ = std::move(fractionName);<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;^<br>/tmp/tmpmcbe_56u/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:50:0: warning: The function 'getNumerator' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>int Fraction::getNumerator() const {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpmcbe_56u/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:54:0: warning: The function 'getDenominator' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>int Fraction::getDenominator() const {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpmcbe_56u/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:58:0: warning: The function 'getFractionName' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>string Fraction::getFractionName() const {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpmcbe_56u/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:66:0: warning: The function 'getDefaultDenominatorValue' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>int Fraction::getDefaultDenominatorValue(){<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpmcbe_56u/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:71:0: warning: The function 'setNumerator' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Fraction::setNumerator(int numerator) {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpmcbe_56u/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:75:0: warning: The function 'setDenominator' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Fraction::setDenominator(int denominator) {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpmcbe_56u/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:82:0: warning: The function 'removedFractions' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>int Fraction::removedFractions() {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpmcbe_56u/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:92:0: warning: The function 'print' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Fraction::print() const {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpmcbe_56u/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:97:0: warning: The function 'load' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Fraction::load(istream &is) {<br>^<br>/tmp/tmpmcbe_56u/student/zaj1Fraction/fraction.cpp:119:0: warning: The function 'save' is never used. [unusedFunction]<br>void Fraction::save(std::ostream &os) const {<br>^<br></details>

-----------
I remain your faithful servant\
_Bobot_